WRQ-6220: Fixed `spotlight` navigation from the focused element clipped by an overflow container (#3210)
enactjs/enact: packages/spotlight/CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact spotlight module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `spotlight` navigation from the focused element clipped by an overflow container

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
- `spotlight` to find a navigable element when the focused element clipped by an overflow container
```
Or, I think it would be okay to leave it as is.
